Mom, we're gonna miss the movie.
No, we're not.
Okay, but we've been here for hours.
I don't want to hang out at the Stupid Horse Hospital.
The Stupid Horse Hospital puts dinner on your table.
Wouldn't kill you to take an interest.
What's this thing in the middle of the room
with the hole in the end?
That's a breeding mount.
The nurses use it to collect reproductive material.
Okay, let's go see this latest piece of Marvel shit
you kids are j-ing over.
Yeah, about time.
So, does your hospital ever need, like, after-school volunteers?
Wow. Who are you and where did you put my son?
No, no, seriously, I'm very interested in your work.
Morty, you dirty little doggy.
Come on.
Hey, Rick.
Oh, hey, kiddo. How's your Saturday?
You know, super chill. What you doing?
Nothing adventurous.
You know that race of underground,
dwelling cannibal horse people that we're always fighting?
Yeah, the chuds. What about them?
Well, don't tell anybody, but I'm working on a bio-weapon
to use against them.
So I got this barrel of horse demon from your mom's hospital,
and I'm just gonna, you know, subject it to some other
worldly forces.
Guess I just got a little bit of a headache.
I'm gonna go get a little bit of a drink.
I'm just gonna, you know, subject it to some other
worldly forces.
Guess I should test it and make sure it's-
And make sure it's what?
Horse demon, obviously.
Okay, but it says it is right on the barrel.
You're not being very scientific, Morty.
Measure twice, cut once, especially with semen.
Did you even ask mom if you could have this?
Morty, if I wanted to steal horse demon, I'd-
Yes, I asked her. What is at stake for you here?
Why don't you trust labels?
All right, fine. I won't test it.
God damn, your generation really picks random hills to die on.
Don't get too close.
I'm running an inhuman amount of power through this semen.
Should be safe though, since the semen itself is, you know, also inhuman.
Here we go.
What-what happened?
The sperm, Morty. There's super monster sperm now.
I blame myself.
Unless there was something about the sperm, I didn't know.
Are you-are you saying that to mess with me?
What? Mess with you? Ow.
You like trying to get me to say something?
Morty, I have no idea what you're talking about.
For real? Yes.
Okay, good. Then-then it's your fault.
Dad, what the hell is going on?
Beth, sweetheart, can you give me a minute?
I'm trying to steer around the bodies of our neighbors.
Oh, that felt like Jean. That's on you, Beth.
Dad, I swear-
Well, it's-it's not Rick's fault. It's-
Space sperm.
What?
Yeah, space sperm. I've seen them before, but never like this.
Space sperm? Sperm from space?
Very impressive verbal forensic work, Jean.
I'm not sure.
Space sperm.
Very impressive verbal forensic work, Jerry.
Holy s***. How big are space sperm?
Don't answer that.
Damn, they must be huge.
Oh s***, oh s***.
Mr. Sanchez, the president is very eager to speak with you.
Morty, look, you gotta do me a solid here.
You want me to keep the secret of where these things came from?
Yes, technically, it's a lie, but I messed up and I'm embarrassed,
because it's, you know, science.
No problem. I got your back, dog.
Really? Okay, cool. Thanks, Morty.
I thought that'd be a harder sell.
You did a shameful thing.
Dwelling on it isn't gonna help, you know? Am I right?
Sometimes you just gotta wipe it off, toss it in the trash,
and head back to study hall.
Uh, not getting the metaphor, but I'll take your hall pass.
Sanchez, get the hell in here.
Space sperm?
Jesus, how big a space s***.
Same page club.
Well, Mr. President, the theory of cosmic DNA has been around for decades.
Chupacabras, Yeti, Stonehenge, Ancient Rome.
Are these all myths, monsters, legends,
or different names for sperm from outer space?
I'll tell you what I think, Sanchez.
I think either you caused this mess,
or it's those God-forsaken horse people that dwell underground.
Chuds?
That's them.
If they're behind this, so help me God.
Morty, you've always been a straight shooter.
You can't prove that!
Wait, what? Oh, oh, right.
I can protect you, little man.
Blow that whistle. Toot toot.
Is this your grandpa's fault?
Here's what I know, sir.
This is the greatest country on Earth.
It invented apple pies and lasers.
Keep talking.
And that sperm? We don't know nothing about it.
Then the Chuds just got themselves a war,
and you just dodged a personal drone strike.
Hello, hello, sorry I'm late.
This is Professor Shabubu, the world's leading expert on sperm.
Thanks for getting here so fast.
My schedule was wide open.
I have been tracking our new sperm friends since their arrival.
If my calculations are correct, they have gathered here.
Why would the sperm go to the Grand Canyon?
Why are you looking at me like the answer is obvious?
You can't be serious.
Are we in middle school?
You think sperm are instinctively heading for America's...
Don't high-rod us, lady. It's where they went.
Now, how do we deal with these, or Gaza goblins?
No takers? Okay.
These c***** stiltskins. No? Dumb?
These, uh, s**tbougans.
Oh, yeah, yeah, s**tbougans.
Really? S**tbougans?
We'll use it as a placeholder and beat it later.
Mr. President, if I may.
Luckily, I was able to secure a specimen.
Now, obviously, our first steps will be to analyze its DNA
and figure out what these beautiful creatures are.
Oh, why?
It had a gun!
Are you out of your mind bringing an arms sperm in here?
They can't hold guns.
The boy literally never lies.
Look, if you want these things gone, give Rick and me a plane and some nukes.
We'll wipe them out and leave no trace of them.
Only one way to deal with it...
He's right. I'm a scientist.
Fair enough. Blow him to hell.
What are people gonna do?
Complain we made the canyon grander?
Jerry, we're being bad parents. Do something.
Uh, is this water for everyone?
Yes, and I'd love a glass.
Coming up!
What are you doing?
And Rick, to make sure you don't screw anything up,
I'm sending my best men with you.
And women?
It's a fine suggestion,
but I doubt their leader will be a sexy queen that needs to be kickboxed.
100% male marines.
They say cutting a sperm's throat is like running a warm knife through butter.
I'm gonna make these things pregnant with death.
No fear!
No humility. Zero chance of consequences.
Hey, gentlemen's bet.
Which of these background marines you think will last the longest?
I'm not betting on human lives, Rick.
All of these people are gonna survive, but obviously that guy the longest.
Yeah, he's my pick too.
What's his name?
Blazin?
Pretty cool.
Yeah, he's like meditating through turbulence.
I bet if something fell, he'd like catch it without opening his eyes.
Totally.
Should we throw something at him?
I got a pencil somewhere.
Who's shooting at us?
Oh, wow. That's unexpected.
The sperm made a catapult?
Are they getting smarter?
No, you're getting dumber because that's a trebuchet.
Nobody knows the difference.
They're reloading that textbook trebuchet.
Time to fly!
We gotta keep moving.
So cool.
What even a scratch?
Okay, girls, and I mean that derogatorily.
We just took a fat L and what we need is a fat P.
A plan.
I take the lead here.
You two watch the flanks.
Blazin, bring up the...
Hey, please!
One person draws the plan.
It's a sh**t.
Sh**t first.
I'm sorry.
Well, what the hell are we calling them?
Ah!
Fine.
I'm dying, so I get to pick the name.
Krispy Kremes, let us save!
Whoa, easy there, little guy.
It's okay.
Do you recognize me?
Do you know you came from me?
I'm Morty.
I'll call you Sticky.
C-cause you're Sticky and you're stuck.
Step aside, Morty.
It's okay.
You don't gotta do this.
It's haploid genetic code, Morty.
A biological fertilizing machine.
I've gotten into you.
Rick, let him go.
Ah.
Morty, don't f**k with me.
What the hell's going on with you?
I think I know exactly what's going on here.
Kidding.
This sh**t is totally random.
Let's keep moving.
W-which way?
When one sense is bound, the others are released.
Holy sh**t, he can smell caves?
I'm not trying to smell anything.
The whole planet's a dorm room trash can.
Sir, Rick Sanchez has gone dark.
I knew we couldn't rely on him.
Oh, maybe the pilot got too horny as they approached America's vagina.
If you're gonna hang out in my war room, you can't just make snarky comments.
At least do something useful, like Jerry.
Right to the top, just the way you like it.
Here's our situation.
Rick's gone and so are all our nukes.
Now what?
None of you have an idea?
I do.
That's right, me.
The girl.
Gentlemen, what do sperm want?
The same thing as a lumberjack in the morning or a fox at night.
Pants.
Eggs.
Pancakes.
You want to control giant sperm, you need a giant egg.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, sperm are hunters.
And what does sperm hunt?
Eggs.
Exactly.
And what would happen if we enlarged one?
They'll head right for it.
Get MIT on the phone and get this guy a Nobel Prize.
He became a woman today.
So, Blazing, you got kids?
The battlefield is my family.
So cool.
Bad ass.
Go, I'll hold them off.
Blazing, you don't have to do this.
Shhh.
It is my destiny.
He's right, Morty.
It's the price of being Blazing.
Let him do his thing.
Blood for blood.
Cream for cream.
Oh no.
I can't reach that.
Idiot.
What?
They're comfortable.
You should try them.
Oh, that'll do it.
I'm worm food.
Morty, find my wife.
Tell her I wasn't.
We're in her thought.
That's a photocopy of sports illustrated swimsuit model Kathy Ireland.
It's my wife.
We have sex.
Here, hold that picture up so we can have sex one last time.
I know how to s*** myself.
What?
I was so wrong about this guy.
He didn't even buy us any time.
Morty, get ready for some fireworks.
Oh.
Oh, gross.
This is the first time I've ever regretted being taken alive.
Wait, who the f*** is that?
Silence in the presence of me.
I am the sperm queen.
And you are of special interest to me.
Hey, what the f*** are you doing with my stuff?
And why do you have the horse jerk-off machine for my daughter's hospital?
We need it to create our army.
Well, you need more than that, dummy.
You need a horse.
Oh, but our stallion is already here.
Isn't that right, Morty?
Or shall I say, father?
Morty, you nasty, lying, little, world-ending pervert.
I'm sorry.
What was it like?
Fantastic.
Rick, I'm sorry.
I just thought maybe I could have repeated sex with the horse machine without it becoming Armageddon.
I realize that's on me.
Yeah, not exactly accepting apologies while I'm stuck here as handjob solo.
This is all your fault for being ashamed of us, Morty.
How many millions went to their graves for you hurling themselves into the void
only to discover a grody sock or carefully folded landing strip of toilet paper?
How do you know all this?
Oh, honey, because we're the very essence of you.
We are your shame incarnate.
And once we're through with you, our sperm army will take over the world.
Put them on the machine.
Rick, do something!
On it.
What did you do?
I got out of your eye line.
Oh, no.
Oh, f***.
Yes, the end is near.
Any last words?
Sticky.
Gross. I know you're not a wordsmith, Morty, but...
No, no, no. My sperm friend is here.
Look, never give him a name.
You can't beat me.
You didn't bring a woman that could kickbox.
Is that all you got?
Damn, that's some quintessential underdog shit.
Kill them!
Yeah!
I should have told you the truth, Rick.
Let's save the world first.
Now, reset those nukes and let's turn this canyon into a Kantian.
They're usually earthquakes in Arizona?
They're heading for Vegas, which does track on many levels, but why now?
What the...
Let's hear it for Professor Shibubu and his brilliant egg.
Um, hello. Aren't you forgetting someone?
A good point.
Big thanks to the cast of Cirque du Soleil's Zumanity
for the impressive and erotic routine.
Mr. President, Rick Sanchez is on the line.
Good. Put that asshole on speaker.
Well, well, well. No thanks to you.
We're luring the sperm with a giant human egg.
Even though, symbolically speaking, Vegas should be enough.
A human egg? Where did you get it?
Glad you asked. It's your granddaughters.
So at least you contributed something to this.
Mr. President, it's Morty. It's my sperm.
It's all mine.
What?
My dirty little perverted maniac.
I spent a week pleasuring myself with animal equipment
and my sperm got turned into monsters on accident
because I kept lying about it because I was ashamed.
You should be. My God, man.
We were all 14 once, but it's called self-control.
Don't let them reach my sister's egg, Mr. President.
You'll be making a giant...
incest, baby.
What? Who told you that?
What? I was finishing his sentence.
Oh, right. Come with us.
The sperm is Morty's.
We're about to make a giant incest, baby.
Oh. Well, now we're all in our darkest hour.
Launch the egg. Launch it now.
You think that'll take 30 minutes?
What? Why?
That's how long every space launch takes.
No one realizes it because they only show you the last 10 seconds.
How me out of here?
Hey, it was your idea, right?
Okay, okay. No need to panic, everyone.
I have a simple solution.
See you all in hell!
I don't see how that's going to help.
Form a perimeter. Protect that egg at all costs.
I always knew your hormones would cause a world war
between humans and cannibalistic horse people.
I just didn't know it would be like this.
I can't change my nature.
What are you, a scorpion and a Navajo fable?
Everyone can change their nature, Morty.
It's what defines our species.
Look at Iron Man.
That actor was an animal in the 90s,
literally waking up in bushes.
His agent had to catch him with a butterfly net.
Silence! Rick Sanchez, you know why you're here.
Yeah, it was my grandson's fault.
You slept with my daughter.
I did? Oh, sh-t, I did.
Forgive me, you're chudness.
I'm a changed man starting now.
You come to the kingdom of chuds for forgiveness?
Chuds don't forgive humans.
Chuds eat humans.
This is out there even for us.
They can hear you, Morty.
Pour him up! Yum, yum, spice him right!
Oh boy, eat the flesh! Yum, yum, chop the bones!
Oh no, Billy, hey, out, out!
Father!
Stop this at once!
Princess Pogneta!
You can't kill Rico.
I-I love him.
Oh boy!
Right, I-I love you too, Princess Pogneta.
This love is forbidden.
My daughter, you're a chud.
Rick is a human and age inappropriate.
Then you leave me no choice.
By the 17th article of the Chud Institution,
I offer Rico Sanchez horse immunity
and demand an equestra truce
between all chuds and humans.
On what grounds?
On the grounds that Rico is the father of my child.
I have an error.
I have a substance abuse problem.
The prophecy has come true.
Also, did someone drop a scroll?
Here we go. Over here. Sorry.
Where did you get all that?
It's Vegas.
Sir, the strip has been evacuated,
but I'm worried we won't be able to hold the perimeter.
Then deputize Las Vegas regulars.
Everyone's a patriot today.
Even me!
Take three steps back, amazing Jonathan.
Men and their guns.
Metaphorical and not tell me about it.
Get ready, boys.
The last thing this world needs is a giant incest, baby.
Who's on? Who they come?
Nice.
Do not let a single sperm get through to that egg!
Should we be concerned about that scary bomb laid in one?
Honey, let the men handle this.
I think we know what thing you're two about.
Ugh, ready for all of the responsibility with none of the credit.
Let's Nancy Reagan this bitch.
Damn it, we can't stop them.
We don't have the manpower.
What about horse power?
Sweet lady Liberty, that son of a man, Rick,
has ended our country's long war with the Chuds.
Hey, Pete, the Chuds are a leg.
Rico, the Hoopless, they need us.
Let's do this.
Chuddley, dudddley, ho, ho, ho!
Chuddley, dudddley, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Oh!
Mom, I promise to use condoms even when it's butt stuff.
Okay, we have a lot to talk about tonight.
Is this your heart?
It's a play on is this your card. You don't have a heart.
But this is probably some kind of organelle
in charge of pumping endoplasmic reticulum throughout your membrane.
And therefore relative to you, functions as a heart.
So I ask you again, is this your heart?
Murti, look, I won't just be thrown away, Rick.
The egg is mine!
Nikki, it's all you, bud.
No!
Sticky!
We got a heartbeat.
Screw that.
That's a human life, and this is an election cycle.
You have to do something!
Nope.
It's base's problem now.
This sucks.
Your sports illustrated's Kathy Ireland.
You were with my husband Blazen when he died.
Please tell me, was he wearing my thong?
He probably told you not to tell me.
He was ashamed of it, but he didn't need to be.
I hope he was wearing it.
Always be honest.
Sometimes it will hurt people.
Sometimes it will help.
But always be honest.
Huh. Yeah, yeah, he was wearing it.
Ew, that gross animal pig!
So, trying to boil this all down?
I want to say it's important.
Shut up, Murti. I got my own epilogue.
Oh, Rico. I love you.
Prove it.
Oh, I love kissing those big old horse teeth.
It's like licking tile.
I swear, it's time someone made an honest man out of me.
Whatever you need, the whole nine yards, you got it.
The thing is, Rico, it's time.
Oh, sh- oh, sh- it's time!
Oh, my God, it's wonderful!
Oh, wow, so we don't have to, you know, raise it?
Nah, they're ready to go right out of the box.
Cool, cool. So, bye?
Yep, take care of yourself, Rick.
Yep, same.
That was easy.
Houston, permission to open the starboard panel?
Permission granted.
Firing breach now.
Explorer, our readout show a pressure spike. Everything all right?
Honestly, sometimes staring back at Earth
makes me think about the people I know.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
I'm not sure.
I'm just going to be able to do that.
I'm going to be able to do that.
Sometimes staring back at Earth
makes me think about the people I left behind.
My wife, the son she had to anchor me there.
I tried to be a parent. I really did.
But I've come to find I'm only suited to be a spaceman.
The nicest part of being up here is there are no reminders of the guilt
I sometimes feel about abandoning my family.
Sorry, Houston, I thought I heard something.
Negative on our end.
No, wait, there's something big and it's coming right at you!
God, no, you can't be real.
Explorer, what is it? What the hell do you see?
I'm conscious.
Explorer, are you there?
Dave, you're not going to miss that guy.
Right? So dramatic.
Did you get any of that?
Giant sperm.
I don't know how this is an episode.
I still don't know how this is allowed to be on TV, to be honest.
Morty, you dirty little doggy.
The one thing that I was excited about with Giant Sperm
was I wanted to see like the sort of old school Jumanji sequence
where people had to ride sperm.
You'd think I'd learned this lesson over 20 years,
but it's like, yeah, don't start with like,
oh, well we know one thing's for sure, they're fighting Giant Sperm.
Why do you know that for sure?
Now guess what you don't know for sure?
Why are they doing it and what's important about it?
Well, this episode was tricky for a while.
Dan didn't want to hinge an episode on a lie.
The boy literally never lies.
The episode starts with the heaviest amount of contrivance in the world.
The audience knows something that Rick doesn't and Morty knows it
and we know that Morty knows it and we know that Morty didn't tell Rick.
I blame myself unless there was something about the sperm I didn't know.
We did many, many rewrites to try to work it so it's both their secret
and then it was just Rick's secret.
Along the way, horse people got involved.
Pour it in, yum, yum, slice it right.
Random left turns like underground horse people
sometimes is the only evidence that you're having fun.
I think it turned out disgusting and tasteless.
Don't let them reach my sister's egg, Mr. President.
The last thing this world needs is a giant incest, baby.
At the end, sticky fertilizes the egg, summer's egg.
And a massive incest fetus is launched into space.
That happened. That happened.